cloud: move Import Data to ... (#10382)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-data-into-tidb.md

- If your source data is located in Amazon S3 cloud storage, take the following steps:

    1. Configure Amazon S3 access to allow TiDB cloud to access the source data in your Amazon S3 bucket. For more information, see [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access). 

>     2. From the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Clusters** page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its own overview page. In the upper-right corner, click **...**, select **Import Data**, and then fill in the importing related information on the **Data Import** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. From the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Clusters** page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its own overview page. In the **Import** area, click **Import Data**, and then fill in the importing related information on the **Data Import** page.
```
